# markyp-html

[markyp](https://github.com/volfpeter/markyp)-based HTML implementations.

## Installation

The project is listed on the Python Package Index, it can be installed simply by executing `pip install markyp-html`.

## Getting started

_TODO_

## Community guidelines

In general, please treat each other with respect and follow the below guidelines to interact with the project:

- _Questions, feedback_: Open an issue with a `[Question] <issue-title>` title.
- _Bug reports_: Open an issue with a `[Bug] <issue-title>` title, an adequate description of the bug, and a code snippet that reproduces the issue if possible.
- _Feature requests and ideas_: Open an issue with an `[Enhancement] <issue-title>` title and a clear description of the enhancement proposal.

## Contribution guidelines

Every form of contribution is welcome, including documentation improvements, tests, bug fixes, and feature implementations.

Please follow these guidelines to contribute to the project:

- Make sure your changes match the documentation and coding style of the project, including [PEP 484](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0484/) type annotations.
- `mypy` is used to type-check the codebase, submitted code should not produce typing errors. See [this page](http://mypy-lang.org/) for more information on `mypy`.
- _Small_ fixes can be submitted simply by creating a pull request.
- Non-trivial changes should have an associated [issue](#community-guidelines) in the issue tracker that commits must reference (typically by adding `#refs <issue-id>` to the end of commit messages).
- Please write [tests](#testing) for the changes you make (if applicable).

If you have any questions about contributing to the project, please contact the project owner.

As mentioned in the [contribution guidelines](#contribution-guidelines), the project is type-checked using `mypy`, so first of all, the project must pass `mypy`'s static code analysis.

The project is tested using `pytest`. The chosen test layout is that tests are part of the application code, see [this page](https://docs.pytest.org/en/latest/goodpractices.html#tests-as-part-of-application-code) for details on what it means in practice.

If `pytest` is installed, the test set can be executed using the `pytest` command from within the project directory.

If `pytest-cov` is also installed, a test coverage report can be generated by executing `pytest --cov src/markyp_html` from the root directory of the project.

## License - MIT

The library is open-sourced under the conditions of the MIT [license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/).
